Satoru, take him to the dorm.
Also, explain the various
security measures to him.
What?
You've passed.
Welcome to Jujutsu High School.
Fushiguro!
You definitely look much better this time.
There are plenty of empty rooms.
Isn't it better
when the place is more lively?
-I think it's good--
-Just classes and missions are sufficient.
What a pain…
Oh, wow! Your room looks really tidy!
-Like I said, you're a bother!
-Oh, god!
But isn't this fine?
Anyway, we're going out tomorrow!
We'll be meeting
the third first-year student.
The Shibuya-Shinagawa train
will be arriving on Platform 1 soon.
For your own safety,
please stand behind the yellow line.
Saori…
I'm here.
I'm in Tokyo.
There are only three first-year students.
Isn't that too few?
Well, have you ever seen a man
who could see a curse before?
Well…
No.
And that's why
there are very few Jujutsu Sorcerers.
By the way,
I thought I was the third student.
I heard that her school transfer
was decided way back.
It's a special school after all.
She must have had a reason.
Sorry to keep you waiting! What?
So your school uniform came in time.
Yes, it fits me perfectly!
But it looks
slightly different from Fushiguro's.
It even has a hood.
The uniform can be altered upon request.
What?
I didn't ask for that.
That's because
I made a custom request for you.
I see.
Oh, well, it's fine.
Be careful. This is Mr. Gojo's habit.
By the way,
why are we meeting in Harajuku?
She said she wanted to meet here.
I want popcorn!
Hello. Are you working now?
No, I'm not.
I'm looking for a model.
That's my job.
Are you interested in becoming one?
I'm in a hurry.
Let's just have a talk!
Hey, you.
What about me?
"What about me?"
I'm asking about the modeling job.
What do you think about me?
Oh, you know, I'm in a hurry.
What the heck?
Don't run away. Make it clear!
-Are we going to talk to that now?
-Excuse me, please forgive me!
I'm getting a little embarrassed.
The same goes for you too.
Hey, over here!
Oh, my! What's with
the guy with the blindfold?
Let's do the introduction again.
My name is Nobara Kugisaki.
Cheer up, boys. Here comes a girl.
Stare…
The name's Yuji Itadori. I'm from Sendai.
I'm Megumi Fushiguro.
How crude.
He's definitely that kid
who used to eat his own boogers.
Judging by his name, he sounds like
someone full of himself.
I can't deal with boys like him.
He's the kind that will ignite a fire
on oil-drenched seagulls.
Man.
I've got a real mess on my hands.
She's sighing after seeing our faces.
Are we headed somewhere after this?
It's rare for the three
first-year students to gather.
And two of them just came to Tokyo.
Of course, we're going to…
do some sightseeing in Tokyo.
-Tokyo!
-We love Tokyo!
-What?
I want to go to Tokyo Disneyland!
You dumbass! Tokyo Disneyland's in Chiba!
-Let's go to Chinatown, Mr. Gojo.
-Chinatown is in Yokohama!
Isn't Yokohama in Tokyo?
Don't you know? Look at the map!
-What? Don't be ridiculous.
-Allow me to announce the destination.
It's Roppongi!
-Roppongi.
There's a curse here, isn't there?
-You liar!
This is Roppongi, right?
How dare you mock countryside folks!
There's a big cemetery nearby.
Add dilapidated buildings to the mix,
and curses start to appear.
Isn't it easier for them
to appear in cemeteries?
The problem is not the cemetery.
It's the heart of those
who think the cemetery is terrible.
Oh, just like that time in school.
Wait, this guy doesn't even know that?
Actually…
He ate the Special Grade Cursed Relic?
It's so disgusting!
How unhygienic!
No way!
What did you say?
I agree with that.
I want to know everyone's skill level.
This will serve as a practical test.
Nobara and Yuji.
Get rid of the curse in this building.
What?
What? Didn't you say that
a curse can only be exorcised by a curse?
I don't know how to cast a curse.
You're already half a curse.
You have cursed energy in your body.
However, you can't
just control curses easily.
So use this instead.
This is a Cursed Tool
known as Slaughter Demon.
It's a weapon with cursed energy.
It works on curses too.
How lame!
-Oh, also…
-What?
You can't release Sukuna.
Letting him out
will get rid of the curse immediately,
but it will implicate
the humans nearby as well.
Got it. I won't let him out.
Hurry up!
Okay.
Have a safe trip.
Should I follow them?
Don't force it, you just recovered.
But I think we need
to keep an eye on Itadori.
True.
-But it's Nobara we're testing this time.
-What?
It's depressing.
Why are we still fighting curses in Tokyo?
What?
Aren't you here to get rid of curses?
This is a waste of time.
Let's split up.
I'll start from the top
and work my way down.
You start from the bottom.
Let's finish this up quick
and head to Ginza for sushi.
Wait a minute. Let's be serious.
Curses are dangerous.
I don't want a newbie
to comment on my work!
Just hurry up and go!
I don't get your attitude at all!
That's why you're not popular with girls!
How did you know that?
Are you so popular that you can say that?
Darn it!
What?
Here is your receipt…
A curse has appeared.
All right.
I can move well.
Yuji's quite the crazy person.
Even if they look horrendous,
or if they take after human forms,
as long as they're trying to kill him,
he will destroy it without hesitation.
Unlike you, he wasn't exposed to curses
at a young age.
He's a boy who lived
a normal high school life.
Even with talent,
there are Jujutsu Sorcerers
unable to conquer their fear
and disgust of destroying these monsters.
I'm sure you've seen
your fair share, right?
I want to confirm her insanity today.
Hey, that curse over there.
I'm talking to you,
the dummy in the middle.
Do you think you can hide from me?
If you don't come over, I'll destroy you.
But Kugisaki is experienced, right?
How will this help?
A curse is born from people's hearts.
It also grows stronger
in proportion to our population.
Okay.
Can Nobara understand this?
The curse level between
the countryside and Tokyo is different.
KUGISAKI RESIDENCE
A curse is born from people's hearts.
GO BACK TO TOKYO
It also grows stronger
in proportion to our population.
The curse level between
the countryside and Tokyo is different.
I suggest you take those out.
Since my curse flows into them.
All done.
There's a child.
He probably sneaked in here to play
and got caught by the curse.
Come on, it's fine now.
Come out.
What?
So it's true that kids
won't go near pretty girls.
I'll call Itadori.
Wait!
Don't leave me.
Is it using him as a hostage?
This curse has intelligence.
Even if there are levels,
they are not based
solely on their curse level.
What?
"Deviousness."
Beasts with intelligence
may occasionally set a cruel scale.
With life on a scale, that is.
Darn it.
Darn it!
This curse is nothing to me.
It's a Grade 4. Or even a Grade 3.
The lowest of the lowest!
It knows that,
and that's why it's taking hostages.
I need to calm down.
If I die, that child will die too.
Even if the child dies first, I won't die.
Think reasonably.
Even if it's just me…
I guess it's worth it
to save a life, right?
I'm unarmed.
Let him go.
I'm such an idiot.
See? It's not letting him go.
I wanted to meet Saori for the last time.
Wait, I missed?
Are you okay?
Yes.
It's running away!
I'm not letting you run!
Itadori, give that hand to me!
What?
-I'll exorcise it.
-Don't panic.
A voodoo doll?
It's too dark.
Straw Doll Technique…
Resonance!
Nice. She is crazy.
We won.
DUE TO CORROSION AND POTENTIAL DANGER,
THIS BRIDGE IS OUT OF SERVICE
During my first year in elementary school,
Saori moved to our village from Tokyo.
What?
Saori looked as cute as a doll,
and was gentle like the Virgin Mary.
STICKER BOOK
However, she was ostracized
by the villagers.
They said she mocked us countryside folks.
They were so delusional.
And so…
They chased Saori out of the village.
PROPERTY FOR SALE
They are all disgusting.
GARBAGE
GO BACK TO TOKYO
Saori treated me to handmade snacks
I had never even heard of,
smiled and said to me,
"The ones from the shops taste better."
If I stayed in that village, I would have…
Didn't I tell you?
It's dangerous to travel alone,
so take it seriously.
You didn't say
it was dangerous to go alone!
Didn't I say that?
Anyway, what did you eat growing up
to break through
a wall with your bare hands?
It's because there are
no steel reinforcement bars!
Even without those,
a normal person couldn't have done it!
What do you mean by "normal person"?
By the way, I've been asked before…
But why did you come
to Jujutsu High School?
Why, you ask me?
Because I hate the countryside
and I want to live in Tokyo!
What?
This is the only way to get to Tokyo
without worrying about the cost.
You would actually risk your life
for that reason?
Of course.
What?
I live for myself.
If I stayed in that village,
I would be as good as dead.
Saori, I'm in Tokyo.
If we meet again,
be sure to take me
to the shop you mentioned.
I'm thankful to you.
Even if I died or survived alone,
I would never have a bright future.
Thank you.
Well…
It's not like having a serious reason
makes it sound more remarkable.
All right! Since I’ve thanked you,
we're even now!
I don't owe you anything!
What's wrong with her?
My house is just up ahead. Thank you!
Do you know that I get grumpy
when I'm hungry?
Is there any time where you're not grumpy?
-Good work, you guys!
-What?
The child has reached home safely.
Let's go eat for real now.
-Steak!
-Sushi!
Just leave it to me!
What about you, Megumi?
What?
-Well then, let's go.
-Hey.
Hey.
I forgot the biggest gain of the day.
You, help me get my luggage.
What?
Why should I? I thought we're even now.
It was my curse that defeated it.
Is there any problem?
You don't know
what I'm capable of, do you?
You eat gross stuff
and have nothing but muscles.
It's more than that!
Right, Fushiguro?
What's wrong, Fushiguro?
Nothing.
He's angry because he didn't get to play.
How childish!
Record, July 2018,
Eishu Detention Center, West Tokyo City.
Above the stadium.
Hey.
What's that?
Let me see.
Special Grade Imaginary Cursed Spirit,
name unidentified.
Several non-sorcerers
witnessed the Cursed Womb.
That one. It looks like an egg.
Like I said, where is it?
In response to this emergency,
three first-year students were dispatched.
One casualty reported.
-Juju Stroll!
I'll use paper, Itadori.
Rock, paper, scissors!
All right!
Are we eating sushi?
Let's go to the usual place in Ginza.
Ginza, all right!
I want to have sushi train.
What?
You're hopeless, Itadori.
Say something too, Fushiguro!
I would like to eat something good, too.
Since Mr. Gojo is paying.
Instant yakisoba
and yakisoba are different,
and so are sushi and sushi train!
I just want to eat sushi.
Sushi is food
while sushi train is an entertainment!
Like the difference
between theme parks and TDL!
Also, Kugisaki,
you said you came from the boonies!
-Have you ever had sushi train?
-What…
My favorite is Sushi Go.
But for starters, I'd go with Rippa Sushi.
You're so knowledgeable, Mr. Gojo.
We haven't decided yet.
Kugisaki, listen up.
At Rippa Sushi,
the sushi will be delivered
on the bullet train.
What?
Driver, it's her first time
eating rotation sushi.
Head to the Rippa Sushi outlet with a huge
parking lot along the national highway!